another cool feature of the iOS is and
this is something that annoyed me the
last one when you went to delete
pictures or a video let me just delete
this now if I'm scrolling right if i
delete this picture press delete photo
it will automatically move to the right
if i scrolled left oh the food the box
happened is it
happened hey guys is done here this is a
quick update on the iOS four firmware
for the iphone 4 it's a major bug I've
just found I'm on my pictures folder now
if I click on this picture and delete it
and scroll left I've a black screen that
I can't edit I can't do anything with I
can scroll yeah as you can see i can
scroll I can delete this photo but it
leaves me with free blank no just one it
leaves me with a blank black screen that
I can't do anything with at all if I go
back into Camera Raw I have free black
kind of you know where the pictures were
ok so this is something that Apple
really need to address as you can see
here I've got the free black screen
where I had three photographs or videos
this happened to me this morning I was
about to record it and then it seemed to
right itself when I press the home back
button and went back into it this has
nothing to do with a jailbreak it's you
know it's it's an iphone for its
official firmware but it is a bug that I
have noticed don't know if any of you
guys have the same problem let me know I
know these bulk things always seem to
get a lot of you know a lot of people
talking about this yep so we're a big
bulk rifle basically if you guys have
had any problems with this let me know
you know leave a comment
so you know it's what I say like
that
okay so this is a big bug from a plug
you